README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm michaael joseph</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate FullStack web3, Website and mobile app developer</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=mickyj70&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="mickyj70" /> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy"><img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=mickyj70" alt="mickyj70" /></a> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://twitter.com/iammicky7" target="blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/iammicky7?logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge" alt="iammicky7" /></a> </p>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on **nft marketplace**

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **rust and go**

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on **any project**

- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at [https://mickyportfolio.netlify.app/](https://mickyportfolio.netlify.app/)

- 📫 How to reach me **michael.o.joseph777@gmail.com**

### Blogs posts
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://dev.to/mickydev" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/devto.svg" alt="mickydev" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/iammicky7" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="iammicky7" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://angular.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://angular.io/assets/images/logos/angular/angular.svg" alt="angular" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://angular.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/angularjs/angularjs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="angularjs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://appwrite.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/appwriteio/appwriteio-icon.svg" alt="appwrite" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://babeljs.io/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/babeljs/babeljs-icon.svg" alt="babel" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.cockroachlabs.com/product/cockroachdb/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/cockroachdb.svg" alt="cockroachdb" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.cypress.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/6e46ec1fc23b60c8fd0d2f2ff46db82e16dbd75f/icons/cypress.svg" alt="cypress" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.djangoproject.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/django.svg" alt="django" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.electronjs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/electron/electron-original.svg" alt="electron" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://expressjs.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" alt="express" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/figma/figma-icon.svg" alt="figma" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://cloud.google.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/google_cloud/google_cloud-icon.svg" alt="gcp" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://golang.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/go/go-original.svg" alt="go" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://graphql.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/graphql/graphql-icon.svg" alt="graphql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://ionicframework.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d1/Ionic_Logo.svg" alt="ionic" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://jestjs.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/jestjsio/jestjsio-icon.svg" alt="jest" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://laravel.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/laravel/laravel-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="laravel" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://mariadb.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/mariadb/mariadb-icon.svg" alt="mariadb" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://materializecss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/prplx/svg-logos/5585531d45d294869c4eaab4d7cf2e9c167710a9/svg/materialize.svg" alt="materialize" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sql-server" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.svgrepo.com/show/303229/microsoft-sql-server-logo.svg" alt="mssql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nestjs.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nestjs/nestjs-plain.svg" alt="nestjs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nextjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/nextjs-2.svg" alt="nextjs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.photoshop.com/en" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/photoshop/photoshop-line.svg" alt="photoshop" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.php.net" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/php/php-original.svg" alt="php" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.postgresql.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="postgresql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="postman" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://github.com/puppeteer/puppeteer" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pptrdev/pptrdev-official.svg" alt="puppeteer" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactnative.dev/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://reactnative.dev/img/header_logo.svg" alt="reactnative" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.rust-lang.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/rust/rust-plain.svg" alt="rust" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://sass-lang.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" alt="sass" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.sqlite.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/sqlite/sqlite-icon.svg" alt="sqlite" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://svelte.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1b/Svelte_Logo.svg" alt="svelte" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="tailwind" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://vuejs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/vuejs/vuejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="vuejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://webpack.js.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/d00d0969292a6569d45b06d3f350f463a0107b0d/icons/webpack/webpack-original-wordmark.svg" alt="webpack" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=mickyj70&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="mickyj70" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=mickyj70&theme=dark" alt="mickyj70" /></p>

Commit message:

Update README with fun fact and skills
Added a fun fact about personal interests.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm michaael joseph</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate FullStack web3, Website and mobile app developer</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=mickyj70&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="mickyj70" /> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy"><img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=mickyj70" alt="mickyj70" /></a> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://twitter.com/iammicky7" target="blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/iammicky7?logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge" alt="iammicky7" /></a> </p>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on **nft marketplace**

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **rust and go**

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on **any project**

- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at [https://mickyportfolio.netlify.app/](https://mickyportfolio.netlify.app/)

- 💬 Ask me about **react,next,php,node and rust**

- 📫 How to reach me **michael.o.joseph777@gmail.com**

- 📄 Know about my experiences [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pRhvu7XShXtv9ZCCMbUjJyzN_dG3PzsYB3o0ZiTn64o/edit?usp=drivesdk](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pRhvu7XShXtv9ZCCMbUjJyzN_dG3PzsYB3o0ZiTn64o/edit?usp=drivesdk)

- ⚡ Fun fact **I love games and wanted to be an astronaut**

### Blogs posts
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://dev.to/mickydev" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/devto.svg" alt="mickydev" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/iammicky7" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="iammicky7" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://angular.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://angular.io/assets/images/logos/angular/angular.svg" alt="angular" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://angular.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/angularjs/angularjs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="angularjs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://appwrite.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/appwriteio/appwriteio-icon.svg" alt="appwrite" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://babeljs.io/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/babeljs/babeljs-icon.svg" alt="babel" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.cockroachlabs.com/product/cockroachdb/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/cockroachdb.svg" alt="cockroachdb" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.cypress.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/6e46ec1fc23b60c8fd0d2f2ff46db82e16dbd75f/icons/cypress.svg" alt="cypress" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.djangoproject.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/django.svg" alt="django" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.electronjs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/electron/electron-original.svg" alt="electron" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://expressjs.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" alt="express" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/figma/figma-icon.svg" alt="figma" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://cloud.google.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/google_cloud/google_cloud-icon.svg" alt="gcp" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://golang.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/go/go-original.svg" alt="go" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://graphql.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/graphql/graphql-icon.svg" alt="graphql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://ionicframework.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d1/Ionic_Logo.svg" alt="ionic" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://jestjs.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/jestjsio/jestjsio-icon.svg" alt="jest" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://laravel.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/laravel/laravel-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="laravel" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://mariadb.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/mariadb/mariadb-icon.svg" alt="mariadb" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://materializecss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/prplx/svg-logos/5585531d45d294869c4eaab4d7cf2e9c167710a9/svg/materialize.svg" alt="materialize" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sql-server" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.svgrepo.com/show/303229/microsoft-sql-server-logo.svg" alt="mssql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nestjs.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nestjs/nestjs-plain.svg" alt="nestjs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nextjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/nextjs-2.svg" alt="nextjs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.photoshop.com/en" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/photoshop/photoshop-line.svg" alt="photoshop" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.php.net" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/php/php-original.svg" alt="php" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.postgresql.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="postgresql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="postman" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://github.com/puppeteer/puppeteer" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pptrdev/pptrdev-official.svg" alt="puppeteer" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactnative.dev/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://reactnative.dev/img/header_logo.svg" alt="reactnative" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.rust-lang.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/rust/rust-plain.svg" alt="rust" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://sass-lang.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" alt="sass" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.sqlite.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/sqlite/sqlite-icon.svg" alt="sqlite" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://svelte.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1b/Svelte_Logo.svg" alt="svelte" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="tailwind" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://vuejs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/vuejs/vuejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="vuejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://webpack.js.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/d00d0969292a6569d45b06d3f350f463a0107b0d/icons/webpack/webpack-original-wordmark.svg" alt="webpack" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=mickyj70&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="mickyj70" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=mickyj70&theme=dark" alt="mickyj70" /></p>
